Incorporate text editorial remarks. (#4589)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: resources/cdk/photo_asset_manager/SPECIFICATION.md

# Photo Asset Management Tech Spec

> This is the tech spec for the Photo Asset Management cross-service example. This doc details the specifics of the deliverable app.

Reviewer: Not sure if anyone will be totally clear what tech spec means here, as this is one of those weird words that's used super specifically in many companies and I don't want to confuse people.

I would a) either clarify (e.g. just append or prepend "A technical specification document outlines the necessities for a product, system, or project. "), or can just say b)
```suggestion
These are the technical specifications for the Photo Asset Management cross-service example. This doc details the specifics of the deliverable app.
```

Author: Please create a follow up PR.

> ## How to read this document

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Table of contents
```

Author: Keeping as per editor's request.

> 

Reviewer: redundant?
```suggestion
```

> This contains the following sections

Reviewer: redundant?
```suggestion
```

Author: I think I originally intended this section to be more explanatory and less Table of Contentsy. I'll change to Table of contents and remove this line.

> * Introduction - A summary of app functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Introduction](#introduction) - A summary of app functionality.
```

* Development / Deployment - Information on where to find AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK) deployment and development instructions.
* Frontend - Describes the resources used to create the frontend, and how the frontend interacts with the backend.
* Backend - Describes the resources used to create the backend.
    * Common - Explains the concepts of common resources and language-specific resources. Also describes the common resources.
    * Language-specific - Explains the programming language specific resources.

* READMES - Defines the information needed for each language-specific readme.
* Glossary - Lists common terms.
* Appendices
    * Appendix A - Policy details

>     * Appendix B - Lambda triggers

Reviewer: This is a great opportunity to use in-page anchors. LMK if this would be a good addition and I can add it in the separate PR.
